Specification.md, before:

**Github Repository Link**

https://github.com/AdrianBrambila/CMPE131Team6

**Group Members**

Adrian Brambila  --  AdrianBrambila

Adrian Perez -- Adrian-Perez-98

Mohibkhan Pathan -- Mohib1402

**Product Name**

Taskr - A Task Manager

**Use Cases**

- Login
  - The user must be able to login into the software with a username and unique password. Sign up/Login should be handled with checks to make sure the input is correct. 
- Add new list/Remove an old list
  - User should be able to add a new list of ToDo's. There should be a option to title these lists (ex: Goals, Shopping list, Dinner options, etc.). 
- Add/Remove item to list
  - User should be able to add and remove items with ease. (ex: + and - buttons would be fast and effecient).
- Share Completions of list to other users
  - Users Should be able to share the state of their ToDo's list with other users 
- Mark items depending on completion
  - Users should have the option to update the status of a their lists/items depending on how complete they are (ex: complete flag, not complete flag). 
- Priority Markers
  - User should be able to to set tasks with different prioties (ex: urgent - not urgent)
- Searching 
  - User should be able to search for a particular thing/item.
- Should have a Navbar
  - Users should be able to switch between the pages with the help of a bar at the top with links to the different pages(Home, About, Contact Us).
- Ability to add color and formatting like bold and underline
	- User should be able to change the color and style of certain tasks to make them more visible or highlght importance
- Mobile Version
	- User should have a usable experiance using the task manager on a mobile device


**Non-functional Requirements**

- Login page to greet users
- Home page that contains all lists created by user
- List page that shows you all the items in specific list

Commit message:

-added username -added 5 additional use cases

Specification.md, after:

**Github Repository Link**

https://github.com/AdrianBrambila/CMPE131Team6

**Group Members**

Adrian Brambila  --  AdrianBrambila

Adrian Perez -- Adrian-Perez-98

Mohibkhan Pathan -- Mohib1402

Dennis Vu -- ddot159

**Product Name**

Taskr - A Task Manager

**Use Cases**

- Login
  - The user must be able to login into the software with a username and unique password. Sign up/Login should be handled with checks to make sure the input is correct. 
- Add new list/Remove an old list
  - User should be able to add a new list of ToDo's. There should be a option to title these lists (ex: Goals, Shopping list, Dinner options, etc.). 
- Add/Remove item to list
  - User should be able to add and remove items with ease. (ex: + and - buttons would be fast and effecient).
- Share Completions of list to other users
  - Users Should be able to share the state of their ToDo's list with other users 
- Mark items depending on completion
  - Users should have the option to update the status of a their lists/items depending on how complete they are (ex: complete flag, not complete flag). 
- Priority Markers
  - User should be able to to set tasks with different prioties (ex: urgent - not urgent)
- Searching 
  - User should be able to search for a particular thing/item.
- Should have a Navbar
  - Users should be able to switch between the pages with the help of a bar at the top with links to the different pages(Home, About, Contact Us).
- Ability to add color and formatting like bold and underline
	- User should be able to change the color and style of certain tasks to make them more visible or highlght importance
- Mobile Version
	- User should have a usable experiance using the task manager on a mobile device
- inbox
  - Users should have a place to find their tasks and to do lists
- calender 
  - Users should be able to assign due dates to a calendar
- filtering
  - Users should be able to filter out and group tasks. For example, maybe tasks with urgency due within the next day or week.
- notifications
  - Users should be able to set notifications to appear on their phones, inboxes, etc.
- Viewing function
  - Users should be able to click on their tasks or to-do lists and view additional info about them.




**Non-functional Requirements**

- Login page to greet users
- Home page that contains all lists created by user
- List page that shows you all the items in specific list
